Wow it's got a light and everything you
guys aren't messing around man that's
cool
this isn't Austin impact Theory being in
a bubble there is a whole world a type
of successful entrepreneurs for whom
it's not enough to have made a ton of
cash they really want to do something
[Music]
today is a bit of a weird day a fun day
but a weird day so I was awarded the
entrepreneur of the Year award from
secret entourage which is amazing honor
I'm super excited so I'm going to be
going up we're going to do an interview
with those guys now you know one thing
entrepreneurs hit me up with all the
time is like you know I I really want to
take risk and I want to do this and you
know I'm going to quit my job or
whatever and I was like we didn't even
do that like we kept a software company
we ran it by day and then at night we
were making a protein bars by hand so we
didn't have to buy equipment to make a
huge investment and then we made sure
there was a market we made sure we were
making money we made sure that people
liked it that our systems were in place
so that we actually could scale
understanding that one of the most
profound things are some of the most
successful entrepreneurs do is hedging
the downside like how do you protect
yourself from calamity because you never
know if it's going to work you certainly
don't know if it's going to work the
first try right you might go out and
there's something in your process that's
broken or whatever and so we kept the
software company until we knew that
quest had a chance the industry's never
disrupted from within it's always
disrupted from somebody outside the
industry companies always focus on the
enemy they know right so number one is
worried about number two number two
thinking about becoming number one but
nobody's thinking about the player on
the outside zones a technology company
by day just making protein bars at night
nobody's thinking about that person we
started asking a fundamentally different
question what would we do and love every
day even if we were failing and so that
concept of okay I want the money to come
and the money makes it self-sustaining
and that is amazingly powerful and I
want the lifestyle that's all incredible
but that's not why I'm doing it and in
the moment right now today I'm actually
going to enjoy myself even when I'm
losing because you're going to win
sometimes you're going to lose sometimes
that is the nature so what is
that thing and if
we'll have that if they're
people-focused if they really believe
that they're delivering something to
humanity through their product through
their company then it's like fighting
through the hard times becomes easy
because you believe in what you're doing
nice awesome man Thanks thank you that
brings me back to when I'm the
copywriter and I'm acquiring these
skills and I'm no longer fighting for
dumb ideas and I'm constantly working on
improving my skills that I understand
that I have to set the bar ridiculously
high and then surpass all expectations
but I have to stop focusing on winning a
championship and start focusing on being
capable of a championship performance
and when you understand the difference
between that when you would rather go
out and lose the championship game then
get a championship ring in a game you
didn't play in then you'll understand
what I'm talking about because the idea
is to become capable of the
extraordinary and rich people
there's a wonderful speech here - man I
[Music]
got some pretty serious stuff
you're absolutely not amazing
Queen thank you literally the last guy
dude that any still got a funny face and
you're so calm about it for like Warwick
yet like not at all man this is an honor
tonight was a lot of fun this was the
secret entourage meetup that they do for
their crew I got invited as part of
winning the 2016 Entrepreneur of the
Year award which is an amazing honor I'm
so excited and they put me in my
favorite environment which is a chance
to speak to a massive group of
entrepreneurs and then answer every
single question that they have and the
best part was there was a band playing
then there is mass chaos who are right
now and you guys know me I love to shut
a venue down they literally had to kick
us out they have now closed the
restaurant entirely and we went strong
we answered every question if you
haven't already my friends just sure to
subscribe until next time be legendary
take care
[Music]